Update the page on mail to transport example (#607)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/examples/file-processing/mailto-transport-examples.md

# MailTo transport examples

## Set the email sender globally

> When the [MailTo transport sender is enabled]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/transport-configurations/configuring-transports/#configuring-the-mailto-transport) for the Micro Integrator, you can configure your mediation sequences to send emails. In this example, the email sender credentials are set globally in the `deployment.toml` file (stored in the `MI_HOME/conf` directory). You need to specify a valid email address prefixed with the transport sender name (which is specified in the deployment.toml file) in your mediation flow. For example, if the transport sender is 'mailto', the endpoint URL in the synapse configuration should be as follows: `mailto:targetemail@mail.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the [MailTo transport sender is enabled]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/transport-configurations/configuring-transports/#configuring-the-mailto-transport) for the Micro Integrator, you can configure your mediation sequences to send emails. In this example, the email sender credentials are set globally in the `deployment.toml` file (stored in the `MI_HOME/conf` directory). You need to specify a valid email address prefixed with the transport sender name (as configured in the deployment.toml file) in your mediation flow. For example, if the transport sender is 'mailto', the endpoint URL in the synapse configuration should be as follows: `mailto:targetemail@mail.com`
```
